docs: MLflow connection (#266)
zapatacomputing/orquestra-workflow-sdk: docs/guides/mlflow.rst

> MLflow In Orquestra

Author: I'm in favor of being explicit, because this document is about integrating with MLflow deployed to Orquestra clusters and not MLflow in general.

===================

Orquestra Platform comes with an `MLflow <https://mlflow.org/>`_ tracking server instance available for each workspace.
To enable it, visit Orquestra Portal (your cluster's URL) > open a workspace > *Data* > click the *Connect* button.

.. image:: images/portal-mlflow.png
   :align: center

Connecting From Python
----------------------

> MLflow provides their own `Python client library <https://pypi.org/project/mlflow/>`_.

Author: Thanks, by accident I assumed MLflow was a person with they/them pronouns 😄 power of habit

Using a remote tracking server requires setting the tracking server URI and token.
MLflow client expects these values to be present as environment variables.
See also: `MLflow docs <https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/tracking.html#logging-to-a-tracking-server>`_.

The Workflow SDK comes with utility functions that figure out the appropriate tracking URI and token for accessing the tracking server instance deployed on an Orquestra cluster.

.. literalinclude:: ../examples/tests/test_mlflow_utilities.py
    :start-after: def tracking_uri_token():
    :end-before: </snippet>
    :language: python
    :dedent: 8

When used on a local machine, the utility functions make use of the cluster URI and token stored in the config you created when :doc:`logging in<../tutorials/remote>`.

When used in Orquestra Studio or within a task running on CE, the utility functions ignore the ``cluster_name=`` argument, and use a different mechanism for cluster-local URIs and auth.

Passing in ``workspace_id`` to ``get_tracking_uri()`` is required regardless of the execution environment.

Connecting From A Task

> ----------------------

Author: Went with option 1, thanks!

> The ``mlflow`` client reads auth URI and token from environment variables.

Author: Not urgent, but do you know which grammar applies here, making the definite article required?

> The ``mlflow`` client reads auth URI and token from environment variables.

Reviewer: The distinction here is between talking about a member of a category, and a category itself. We need the article to clarify grammatically that we're talking about a specific auth URI, rather than the concept of auth URIs. 

[omitted for brevity: a long digression about Plato and the world of forms]

There's a significant difference between the way a name operates, and the way a description does. The sentence would be fine if it was "a and b" or "Carlos and Simon" because these are labels that uniquely identify entities of a known type, variables in the first case and people in the second. They convey no information about what classes of thing a, b, Carlos and Simon belong to, the reader's knowledge and the context take care of that so all the name does is uniquely identify the subject - the reader already knows how a person is quantised and that Carlos is a person so we don't need the article. The reader's brain effectively reads it as "Carlos the person".

Here, however, "auth URI" has to tell you _what_ it is at the same time as telling you, effectively, _who_ it is. As such, we need the article to tell the reader that we're talking about a member of the category "auth URI" rather than the category itself. In the absence of the article, the default reading is that we're talking about an indeterminate quantity of _stuff_ that belongs to the category. As an example, consider the difference between "There is a deer on the tracks" and "There is deer on the tracks". This is why it's fine to omit or include the article for "environment variables" - for the purpose of this sentence, the abstract class of "environment variables" and the concrete members "the environment variables" are both valid.

The choice of article is less concrete, we use the indefinite article here and still be grammatically accurate. However the definite article is the appropriate choice in context - the client is reading a specific token whose identity is known in advance.

Global state isn't retained between task runs [#f1]_, so you should set the environment variables inside each task that uses MLflow.

.. literalinclude:: ../examples/tests/test_mlflow_utilities.py
    :start-after: def tracking_task():
    :end-before: </snippet>
    :language: python
    :dedent: 8

.. [#f1] Global state can leak between task runs if subsequent task runs are executed in the same Python process.
         This global state leakage can happen if two tasks have the same ``@sdk.task(...)`` decorator arguments and the Ray scheduler decides to reuse the same worker process, or if you're using the ``in_process`` runtime.
         It's best to assume the global state set by one task run won't be available to other task runs.

Uploading Artifacts
-------------------

MLflow artifacts must be written to a file before being uploaded to an MLflow tracking server.

> The problem is: it's not always obvious what's a suitable local directory for writing such files, especially on the remote runtime.

Reviewer: Suggestion (non-blocking): I think this has slightly better clarity and flow, wdyt?
```suggestion
However, it's not always obvious what is and is not a suitable local directory for writing such files, especially on the remote runtime.
```

> The problem is: it's not always obvious what's a suitable local directory for writing such files, especially on the remote runtime.
> The Workflow SDK provides a ``get_temp_artifacts_dir()`` utility.

Reviewer: Suggestion (non-blocking): how do you feel about the following to make the causal relationship here clearer?
```suggestion
The problem is: it's not always obvious what's a suitable local directory for writing such files, especially on the remote runtime.
In order to address this, the Workflow SDK provides a ``get_temp_artifacts_dir()`` utility.
```

Author: Went with a shorter version, wdyt?
